
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 6) 

1. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Denver
    b. Concord
    c. St. Paul

            
2. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Olympia
    c. Lincoln

            
3. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Dover
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Atlanta

            
4. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Sacramento
    c. Harrisburg

            
5. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Denver
    b. Boise
    c. Lansing

            
6. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Jefferson City

            
7. What is the capital of California?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Sacramento
    c. Baton Rouge

            
8. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Jackson
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Austin

            
9. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Santa Fe

            
10. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Baton Rouge

            
11. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Trenton
    b. Lansing
    c. Charleston

            
12. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Olympia
    b. St. Paul
    c. Jefferson City

            
13. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Nashville
    c. Denver

            
14. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Albany
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Indianapolis

            
15. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Austin
    c. Annapolis

            
16. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Des Monies
    c. Phoenix

            
17. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Juneau
    b. Atlanta
    c. Salt Lake City

            
18. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Montpelier
    c. Madison

            
19. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Topeka
    c. Jackson

            
20. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Charleston
    b. Salem
    c. Annapolis

            
21. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Juneau
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Boston

            
22. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Pierre
    c. Frankfort

            
23. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Trenton
    c. Phoenix

            
24. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Columbus
    b. Columbia
    c. Providence

            
25. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Albany
    b. Montpelier
    c. Montgomery

            
26. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Richmond

            
27. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Denver
    b. Little Rock
    c. Columbia

            
28. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Charleston
    c. Providence

            
29. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Springfield
    b. Austin
    c. Juneau

            
30. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Salem
    b. Pierre
    c. Olympia

            
31. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Carson City
    b. Springfield
    c. Tallahassee

            
32. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Denver
    b. Salem
    c. Topeka

            
33. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Honolulu
    c. Richmond

            
34. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Dover
    c. Honolulu

            
35. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Austin
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Atlanta

            
36. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Dover
    c. Juneau

            
37. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Nashville
    b. Juneau
    c. Olympia

            
38. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Boston
    b. Albany
    c. Lansing

            
39. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Denver
    b. Augusta
    c. Indianapolis

            
40. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Providence
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Jefferson City

            
41. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Dover
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Pierre

            
42. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Honolulu
    c. Concord

            
43. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Juneau
    b. Bismarck
    c. Montgomery

            
44. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Hartford
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Harrisburg

            
45. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Madison
    b. Augusta
    c. Topeka

            
46. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Boise
    b. Raleigh
    c. Carson City

            
47. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Columbus
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Baton Rouge

            
48. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Denver
    b. Helena
    c. Lansing

            
49. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Albany
    b. Springfield
    c. Albany

            
50. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Madison
    c. Salem

            