
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 27) 

1. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Pierre
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Des Monies

            
2. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Atlanta

            
3. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Concord
    b. Hartford
    c. Trenton

            
4. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Juneau
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Charleston

            
5. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Atlanta

            
6. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Hartford
    b. Montgomery
    c. Harrisburg

            
7. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Boston
    b. Little Rock
    c. Springfield

            
8. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Juneau

            
9. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Bismarck
    c. Springfield

            
10. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Boise
    b. Austin
    c. Richmond

            
11. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Olympia
    b. Austin
    c. Sacramento

            
12. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Montgomery
    c. Baton Rouge

            
13. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Salt Lake City

            
14. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Richmond
    c. Pierre

            
15. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Trenton
    c. Honolulu

            
16. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Carson City
    b. Boston
    c. Denver

            
17. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Dover
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Richmond

            
18. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Jackson
    b. Montgomery
    c. Annapolis

            
19. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Denver
    b. Columbia
    c. Lincoln

            
20. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Columbus
    b. Juneau
    c. Baton Rouge

            
21. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Trenton
    b. Boston
    c. Salem

            
22. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Helena
    b. Des Monies
    c. Raleigh

            
23. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Providence
    b. Columbia
    c. Hartford

            
24. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Concord
    b. Raleigh
    c. Helena

            
25. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Indianapolis
    b. Pierre
    c. Montpelier

            
26. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Jackson
    c. Tallahassee

            
27. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Pierre
    b. Phoenix
    c. Augusta

            
28. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Juneau
    b. Des Monies
    c. Hartford

            
29. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Oklahoma City

            
30. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Madison
    c. Olympia

            
31. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Little Rock
    c. Dover

            
32. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Denver
    b. Lincoln
    c. Phoenix

            
33. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Nashville
    b. Providence
    c. Richmond

            
34. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Boston

            
35. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Honolulu
    c. Annapolis

            
36. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Charleston
    b. Nashville
    c. Trenton

            
37. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Lansing
    c. Lincoln

            
38. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Madison
    b. Boston
    c. Denver

            
39. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Juneau
    b. Jackson
    c. Santa Fe

            
40. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Boise
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Helena

            
41. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Austin
    c. Honolulu

            
42. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Lansing
    b. Springfield
    c. Albany

            
43. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Des Monies
    c. Little Rock

            
44. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Carson City
    b. Sacramento
    c. Tallahassee

            
45. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Indianapolis
    b. Lincoln
    c. Topeka

            
46. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Topeka
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Boston

            
47. What is the capital of California?
    a. Austin
    b. Sacramento
    c. Denver

            
48. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Columbus
    c. Des Monies

            
49. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Jackson
    c. Boise

            
50. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Madison
    b. Columbia
    c. Montpelier

            