
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 26) 

1. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Springfield
    c. Annapolis

            
2. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Helena
    b. Concord
    c. St. Paul

            
3. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Bismarck
    c. Jackson

            
4. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Topeka

            
5. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Carson City
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Hartford

            
6. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Madison
    b. Honolulu
    c. Augusta

            
7. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Richmond
    b. Salem
    c. Concord

            
8. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Charleston

            
9. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Charleston
    b. Madison
    c. Annapolis

            
10. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Jackson
    b. Dover
    c. Frankfort

            
11. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Boise
    c. Salt Lake City

            
12. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Columbus
    b. Salem
    c. Jackson

            
13. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Trenton
    b. Hartford
    c. St. Paul

            
14. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Trenton
    b. Madison
    c. Olympia

            
15. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Trenton
    b. Lincoln
    c. Austin

            
16. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Charleston
    b. St. Paul
    c. Bismarck

            
17. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Madison
    b. Concord
    c. Pierre

            
18. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Carson City
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Charleston

            
19. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Albany
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Montpelier

            
20. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Honolulu
    c. Raleigh

            
21. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Springfield
    c. Denver

            
22. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Concord
    b. Springfield
    c. Oklahoma City

            
23. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Little Rock
    c. Hartford

            
24. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Providence
    b. Charleston
    c. Bismarck

            
25. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Denver
    b. Lincoln
    c. Phoenix

            
26. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Phoenix
    c. Concord

            
27. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Olympia
    c. Little Rock

            
28. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Columbia
    c. Boston

            
29. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Carson City
    c. Atlanta

            
30. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Trenton
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Frankfort

            
31. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Raleigh

            
32. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Denver
    c. Jefferson City

            
33. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Hartford
    b. Springfield
    c. Baton Rouge

            
34. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Columbia

            
35. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Nashville
    b. Concord
    c. Springfield

            
36. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Honolulu
    b. Nashville
    c. Lansing

            
37. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Olympia
    b. Phoenix
    c. Boise

            
38. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Concord
    b. Richmond
    c. Hartford

            
39. What is the capital of California?
    a. Columbia
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Sacramento

            
40. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Juneau
    c. Boise

            
41. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Topeka
    b. Lincoln
    c. Salem

            
42. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Dover
    c. Salem

            
43. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Trenton
    c. Hartford

            
44. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Providence
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Trenton

            
45. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Lansing
    b. Montpelier
    c. Concord

            
46. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Indianapolis
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Little Rock

            
47. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Carson City
    c. Honolulu

            
48. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Olympia
    c. St. Paul

            
49. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Albany
    b. Augusta
    c. Salem

            
50. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Springfield
    b. Olympia
    c. Austin

            