
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 3) 

1. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Austin
    c. Phoenix

            
2. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Madison
    c. Nashville

            
3. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Bismarck
    c. Boise

            
4. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Honolulu
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Montgomery

            
5. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Columbia
    c. Helena

            
6. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Juneau
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Montgomery

            
7. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Augusta
    b. Lincoln
    c. Frankfort

            
8. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Nashville
    b. Boston
    c. Baton Rouge

            
9. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Providence
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Olympia

            
10. What is the capital of California?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Madison
    c. Lincoln

            
11. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Lansing
    b. Phoenix
    c. Annapolis

            
12. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Charleston
    c. Harrisburg

            
13. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Hartford
    c. Lansing

            
14. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Austin
    b. Springfield
    c. Bismarck

            
15. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Juneau
    b. Concord
    c. Hartford

            
16. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Lansing
    b. Denver
    c. Pierre

            
17. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Richmond
    c. Albany

            
18. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Springfield
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Des Monies

            
19. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Dover
    c. Carson City

            
20. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Boise
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Raleigh

            
21. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Lansing
    b. Nashville
    c. Indianapolis

            
22. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Dover

            
23. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Dover
    b. Juneau
    c. St. Paul

            
24. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Augusta
    b. Carson City
    c. Cheyenne

            
25. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Juneau
    b. Columbus
    c. Concord

            
26. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Boston
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Frankfort

            
27. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Richmond
    b. Denver
    c. Salt Lake City

            
28. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Madison
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Providence

            
29. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Topeka
    c. Atlanta

            
30. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Little Rock
    b. Columbia
    c. Des Monies

            
31. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Pierre
    b. Richmond
    c. Annapolis

            
32. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Boise

            
33. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Albany
    b. Columbia
    c. St. Paul

            
34. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Denver
    b. Pierre
    c. Harrisburg

            
35. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Jackson
    c. Olympia

            
36. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Providence
    c. Richmond

            
37. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Madison
    c. Santa Fe

            
38. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Helena
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Helena

            
39. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Trenton

            
40. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Columbus
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Phoenix

            
41. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Jackson
    b. Salem
    c. Denver

            
42. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Carson City
    b. Charleston
    c. Olympia

            
43. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Frankfort
    c. Topeka

            
44. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Boston
    b. Juneau
    c. Salem

            
45. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Helena
    c. St. Paul

            
46. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Lincoln
    c. Des Monies

            
47. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Lansing
    b. Olympia
    c. Juneau

            
48. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Salem
    b. Concord
    c. Frankfort

            
49. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Boston
    c. Jefferson City

            
50. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Little Rock
    c. Dover

            