
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 14) 

1. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Austin
    b. Juneau
    c. Columbus

            
2. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Lansing
    b. Lansing
    c. Boston

            
3. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Nashville
    c. Madison

            
4. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Columbia
    c. Austin

            
5. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Columbia
    b. Lincoln
    c. Topeka

            
6. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Columbus
    b. Raleigh
    c. Jackson

            
7. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Helena
    c. Denver

            
8. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Boston

            
9. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Little Rock
    c. Oklahoma City

            
10. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Concord
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Austin

            
11. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Boise
    b. Olympia
    c. Oklahoma City

            
12. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Richmond

            
13. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Phoenix

            
14. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Salem
    b. Sacramento
    c. Springfield

            
15. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Springfield
    b. Boston
    c. St. Paul

            
16. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Indianapolis
    b. Bismarck
    c. Juneau

            
17. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Dover
    b. Denver
    c. Albany

            
18. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Helena
    b. Raleigh
    c. Pierre

            
19. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Charleston

            
20. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Columbus
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Trenton

            
21. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Trenton
    c. Annapolis

            
22. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Juneau
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Juneau

            
23. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Dover
    b. Pierre
    c. Hartford

            
24. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Dover
    c. Boise

            
25. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Topeka
    b. Bismarck
    c. Cheyenne

            
26. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Boise
    b. Raleigh
    c. Baton Rouge

            
27. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Springfield
    b. Austin
    c. Pierre

            
28. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Boston
    c. Jackson

            
29. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Columbia
    b. Hartford
    c. Indianapolis

            
30. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Augusta

            
31. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Columbia
    c. St. Paul

            
32. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Jackson
    b. Boise
    c. Nashville

            
33. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Helena
    c. Austin

            
34. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Indianapolis
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Augusta

            
35. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Providence

            
36. What is the capital of California?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Sacramento
    c. Olympia

            
37. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Jackson
    b. St. Paul
    c. Montgomery

            
38. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Providence
    b. Bismarck
    c. Phoenix

            
39. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Columbia
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Salt Lake City

            
40. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Nashville
    b. Salem
    c. Baton Rouge

            
41. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Boise
    b. Honolulu
    c. Des Monies

            
42. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Lansing
    b. Augusta
    c. Columbia

            
43. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Pierre
    b. Helena
    c. Lansing

            
44. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Atlanta
    c. Santa Fe

            
45. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Springfield
    b. Denver
    c. Oklahoma City

            
46. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Denver
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Jackson

            
47. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Augusta
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Hartford

            
48. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Concord
    b. Nashville
    c. Carson City

            
49. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Phoenix
    c. Atlanta

            
50. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Carson City
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Jackson

            