
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 31) 

1. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Nashville
    b. Trenton
    c. Lincoln

            
2. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Jackson
    c. Dover

            
3. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Concord
    b. Providence
    c. Montgomery

            
4. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Boston
    b. Richmond
    c. Columbus

            
5. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Boise
    c. Atlanta

            
6. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Albany
    b. Carson City
    c. Sacramento

            
7. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Trenton
    c. Lincoln

            
8. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Topeka
    b. Columbus
    c. Annapolis

            
9. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Albany
    b. Columbus
    c. Concord

            
10. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Des Monies
    c. Santa Fe

            
11. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Olympia
    c. Denver

            
12. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Indianapolis

            
13. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Carson City
    c. Olympia

            
14. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Helena
    b. Albany
    c. Providence

            
15. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Augusta
    b. Frankfort
    c. Denver

            
16. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Columbus
    b. Atlanta
    c. Springfield

            
17. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Boston
    c. Jefferson City

            
18. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Columbia

            
19. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Helena
    b. Austin
    c. Montgomery

            
20. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Concord

            
21. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Lincoln

            
22. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Bismarck
    c. Oklahoma City

            
23. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Topeka
    b. Honolulu
    c. Hartford

            
24. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Austin
    b. Springfield
    c. Honolulu

            
25. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Augusta
    b. Augusta
    c. Nashville

            
26. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Albany
    b. Madison
    c. Albany

            
27. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Helena
    b. St. Paul
    c. Boston

            
28. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Cheyenne

            
29. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Boise
    b. Annapolis
    c. Bismarck

            
30. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Lansing
    b. Charleston
    c. Santa Fe

            
31. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Juneau
    b. Atlanta
    c. Phoenix

            
32. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Nashville
    b. Columbus
    c. Indianapolis

            
33. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Augusta
    b. Salem
    c. Charleston

            
34. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Pierre
    c. Richmond

            
35. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Pierre
    b. Annapolis
    c. Baton Rouge

            
36. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Annapolis

            
37. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Salem
    b. Augusta
    c. Nashville

            
38. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Helena
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Little Rock

            
39. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Salem
    b. Lansing
    c. Montpelier

            
40. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Denver
    c. Austin

            
41. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Trenton
    b. Richmond
    c. Salem

            
42. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Madison
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Pierre

            
43. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Helena
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Juneau

            
44. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Augusta
    b. Helena
    c. Madison

            
45. What is the capital of California?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Pierre

            
46. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Lincoln
    c. Pierre

            
47. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Jackson
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Madison

            
48. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Boise
    c. Indianapolis

            
49. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Jackson
    b. Dover
    c. Nashville

            
50. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Columbia
    c. Trenton

            