
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 15) 

1. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Carson City
    c. Jackson

            
2. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Honolulu
    b. Topeka
    c. Trenton

            
3. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Juneau
    c. Indianapolis

            
4. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Hartford
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Jackson

            
5. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Charleston
    b. Carson City
    c. Atlanta

            
6. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Nashville
    b. Boston
    c. Boise

            
7. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Annapolis
    c. Baton Rouge

            
8. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Austin
    b. Salem
    c. Carson City

            
9. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Columbia
    c. Salt Lake City

            
10. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Providence
    c. Charleston

            
11. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Dover
    c. St. Paul

            
12. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Honolulu
    c. Santa Fe

            
13. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Richmond
    c. Tallahassee

            
14. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Hartford
    b. Jackson
    c. Springfield

            
15. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Honolulu
    b. Providence
    c. Boise

            
16. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Albany
    b. Bismarck
    c. Jackson

            
17. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Topeka
    b. Madison
    c. Montpelier

            
18. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Topeka
    c. Columbus

            
19. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Carson City
    c. Montpelier

            
20. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Dover
    b. Charleston
    c. Frankfort

            
21. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Honolulu
    b. Charleston
    c. Concord

            
22. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Juneau
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Hartford

            
23. What is the capital of California?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Augusta
    c. Denver

            
24. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Columbus
    b. Madison
    c. Atlanta

            
25. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Little Rock
    c. Helena

            
26. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Dover
    b. Madison
    c. Montgomery

            
27. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Pierre
    b. Lansing
    c. Augusta

            
28. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Boise
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Augusta

            
29. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Santa Fe

            
30. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Lansing
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Madison

            
31. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Augusta
    b. Denver
    c. Columbia

            
32. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Columbia
    b. Sacramento
    c. Helena

            
33. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Boise
    b. Boston
    c. St. Paul

            
34. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Madison
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Raleigh

            
35. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Pierre
    c. Little Rock

            
36. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Concord
    b. Juneau
    c. Montpelier

            
37. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Olympia
    c. Boston

            
38. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Carson City
    b. Montpelier
    c. St. Paul

            
39. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Springfield
    c. Albany

            
40. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Juneau
    c. Pierre

            
41. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Salem
    b. Hartford
    c. Augusta

            
42. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Boise
    b. Indianapolis
    c. St. Paul

            
43. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Olympia
    c. Des Monies

            
44. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Topeka
    b. Little Rock
    c. Phoenix

            
45. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Little Rock
    b. Little Rock
    c. Juneau

            
46. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Albany

            
47. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Boise
    c. Helena

            
48. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Boise
    b. Phoenix
    c. Jefferson City

            
49. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Des Monies
    c. Concord

            
50. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Nashville
    c. Albany

            