
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 17) 

1. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Boise
    b. Boston
    c. Columbia

            
2. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Little Rock
    b. Richmond
    c. Cheyenne

            
3. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Bismarck
    c. Providence

            
4. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Carson City
    b. Madison
    c. Santa Fe

            
5. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Providence
    b. Charleston
    c. Indianapolis

            
6. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Denver
    b. Bismarck
    c. Hartford

            
7. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Dover
    b. Boise
    c. Columbus

            
8. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Boise
    b. Annapolis
    c. Nashville

            
9. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Topeka
    b. Madison
    c. Indianapolis

            
10. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Columbus

            
11. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Jackson
    c. Columbus

            
12. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Montgomery
    c. Indianapolis

            
13. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Dover
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Columbia

            
14. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Boise
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Honolulu

            
15. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Sacramento
    c. Salem

            
16. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Austin
    c. Little Rock

            
17. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Indianapolis
    b. Concord
    c. Montgomery

            
18. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Boston
    c. Phoenix

            
19. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Salem
    b. Atlanta
    c. Boston

            
20. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Honolulu
    c. Phoenix

            
21. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Providence
    b. Boise
    c. Annapolis

            
22. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Madison
    b. Montpelier
    c. Albany

            
23. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Springfield
    b. Albany
    c. Pierre

            
24. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Providence
    b. Olympia
    c. Juneau

            
25. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Carson City
    b. Richmond
    c. Salt Lake City

            
26. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Madison
    c. Jackson

            
27. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Topeka
    c. Frankfort

            
28. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Columbus
    b. Columbus
    c. Montpelier

            
29. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Concord
    b. Carson City
    c. Honolulu

            
30. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Columbus
    c. Augusta

            
31. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Juneau
    c. Boston

            
32. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Richmond
    b. Madison
    c. Bismarck

            
33. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Concord
    b. Albany
    c. Annapolis

            
34. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Topeka
    b. Boston
    c. Nashville

            
35. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Madison

            
36. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Madison
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Sacramento

            
37. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Salem
    b. Phoenix
    c. St. Paul

            
38. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Boston
    b. Concord
    c. Honolulu

            
39. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Pierre
    c. Madison

            
40. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Albany

            
41. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Charleston
    c. Boise

            
42. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Helena
    b. Lansing
    c. Augusta

            
43. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Helena

            
44. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Boise
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Honolulu

            
45. What is the capital of California?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Topeka
    c. Madison

            
46. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Denver
    c. Sacramento

            
47. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Denver
    c. Concord

            
48. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Albany
    b. Phoenix
    c. Indianapolis

            
49. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Trenton
    b. Jackson
    c. Pierre

            
50. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Charleston
    b. Des Monies
    c. Concord

            