
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 1) 

1. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Topeka
    b. Concord
    c. Atlanta

            
2. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Boston
    c. Richmond

            
3. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Des Monies
    c. Austin

            
4. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Helena
    c. Columbus

            
5. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Denver
    c. Juneau

            
6. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Topeka
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Baton Rouge

            
7. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Charleston
    b. Austin
    c. Jackson

            
8. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Columbia
    b. Hartford
    c. Charleston

            
9. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Boston
    b. Topeka
    c. Salt Lake City

            
10. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Denver
    b. Concord
    c. Dover

            
11. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Augusta
    c. Little Rock

            
12. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Honolulu
    b. Denver
    c. Nashville

            
13. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Madison
    b. Frankfort
    c. Lincoln

            
14. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Atlanta
    c. Annapolis

            
15. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Austin
    b. Phoenix
    c. Montgomery

            
16. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Des Monies
    c. Columbus

            
17. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Honolulu
    c. Des Monies

            
18. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Concord
    c. Providence

            
19. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Pierre
    b. Frankfort
    c. Boston

            
20. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Columbus
    b. Honolulu
    c. Jefferson City

            
21. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Hartford
    b. Juneau
    c. Columbus

            
22. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Boise
    b. Charleston
    c. Juneau

            
23. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Pierre
    b. Trenton
    c. Montpelier

            
24. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Charleston
    b. Trenton
    c. Charleston

            
25. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Salem
    b. Springfield
    c. Lansing

            
26. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Madison
    b. Hartford
    c. Augusta

            
27. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Richmond
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Raleigh

            
28. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Jackson
    b. Annapolis
    c. Phoenix

            
29. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Springfield

            
30. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Jackson
    b. Albany
    c. Frankfort

            
31. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Carson City
    c. Salt Lake City

            
32. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Boise
    b. Indianapolis
    c. St. Paul

            
33. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Dover
    c. Trenton

            
34. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Little Rock
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Albany

            
35. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Olympia
    b. Albany
    c. Columbia

            
36. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Little Rock
    c. Lincoln

            
37. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Albany
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Dover

            
38. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Montpelier
    c. Olympia

            
39. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Salem
    b. Lansing
    c. Salt Lake City

            
40. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Albany
    c. Indianapolis

            
41. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Concord
    c. Richmond

            
42. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Pierre
    c. Bismarck

            
43. What is the capital of California?
    a. Lansing
    b. Providence
    c. Sacramento

            
44. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Boston
    c. Carson City

            
45. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Topeka
    c. Helena

            
46. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Salem
    c. Richmond

            
47. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Madison

            
48. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Albany
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Nashville

            
49. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Springfield

            
50. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Frankfort
    c. Concord

            