
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 29) 

1. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Montgomery
    c. Des Monies

            
2. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Charleston
    b. Austin
    c. Albany

            
3. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Nashville
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Atlanta

            
4. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Providence
    b. Austin
    c. Nashville

            
5. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Topeka
    b. Raleigh
    c. Honolulu

            
6. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Trenton
    b. Sacramento
    c. Annapolis

            
7. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Madison
    b. Olympia
    c. Salem

            
8. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Juneau

            
9. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Frankfort
    c. Helena

            
10. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Columbia
    b. Augusta
    c. Montpelier

            
11. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Dover

            
12. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Augusta
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Albany

            
13. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Boise
    b. Columbia
    c. Lansing

            
14. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Little Rock
    b. Albany
    c. Atlanta

            
15. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Trenton
    c. Springfield

            
16. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Lincoln
    c. Madison

            
17. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Concord
    b. Jackson
    c. Albany

            
18. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Boise
    b. Carson City
    c. Bismarck

            
19. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Topeka
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Helena

            
20. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Dover
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Pierre

            
21. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Jackson
    c. Albany

            
22. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Charleston
    b. Augusta
    c. Frankfort

            
23. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Austin
    b. Phoenix
    c. Helena

            
24. What is the capital of California?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Sacramento
    c. Tallahassee

            
25. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Nashville
    c. Nashville

            
26. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Denver
    b. Jackson
    c. Indianapolis

            
27. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Little Rock
    b. Atlanta
    c. Boston

            
28. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Juneau
    b. Salem
    c. Atlanta

            
29. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. St. Paul
    c. Lincoln

            
30. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Austin
    c. Columbia

            
31. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Annapolis
    c. Salt Lake City

            
32. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Nashville
    b. Honolulu
    c. Lansing

            
33. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Nashville
    b. Springfield
    c. Helena

            
34. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Augusta
    b. Columbus
    c. Boston

            
35. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Carson City

            
36. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Raleigh
    c. Phoenix

            
37. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Lansing
    c. Olympia

            
38. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Springfield
    b. Denver
    c. Little Rock

            
39. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Carson City
    b. Topeka
    c. Richmond

            
40. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Hartford
    c. Lansing

            
41. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Columbus
    b. Lansing
    c. Richmond

            
42. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Olympia
    b. Springfield
    c. Montpelier

            
43. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Dover
    b. Montgomery
    c. Little Rock

            
44. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Charleston
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Des Monies

            
45. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Boston
    b. Salem
    c. Charleston

            
46. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Dover
    c. Helena

            
47. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Boise
    c. Nashville

            
48. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Helena
    b. Raleigh
    c. Pierre

            
49. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Concord

            
50. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Juneau

            