
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 11) 

1. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Albany
    b. St. Paul
    c. Austin

            
2. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Montpelier
    c. Carson City

            
3. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Raleigh
    c. Madison

            
4. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Austin
    b. Charleston
    c. Phoenix

            
5. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Madison

            
6. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Honolulu
    b. Richmond
    c. Dover

            
7. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Springfield
    b. Concord
    c. Des Monies

            
8. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Salem
    b. Little Rock
    c. Bismarck

            
9. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Des Monies

            
10. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Juneau
    c. Jackson

            
11. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Raleigh

            
12. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Albany
    b. Little Rock
    c. Pierre

            
13. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Boise
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Columbia

            
14. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Nashville
    c. Lansing

            
15. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Olympia
    b. Dover
    c. Bismarck

            
16. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Boston
    b. Olympia
    c. Richmond

            
17. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Pierre

            
18. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Denver
    c. Olympia

            
19. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Columbus

            
20. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Montgomery
    c. Springfield

            
21. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Providence
    c. Dover

            
22. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Montgomery
    c. Salem

            
23. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Topeka
    b. Montpelier
    c. Cheyenne

            
24. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Carson City
    b. Trenton
    c. Boston

            
25. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Little Rock
    c. Cheyenne

            
26. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Columbia
    c. Juneau

            
27. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Hartford
    c. Denver

            
28. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Bismarck
    c. Helena

            
29. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Charleston
    b. Frankfort
    c. Jefferson City

            
30. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Charleston

            
31. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Salem
    c. Boise

            
32. What is the capital of California?
    a. Lansing
    b. Richmond
    c. Sacramento

            
33. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Charleston
    c. St. Paul

            
34. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Carson City
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Juneau

            
35. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Trenton
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Topeka

            
36. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Boston
    b. Augusta
    c. Atlanta

            
37. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Helena
    b. Annapolis
    c. Madison

            
38. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Dover
    b. Phoenix
    c. Montpelier

            
39. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Concord
    b. Boston
    c. Denver

            
40. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Topeka
    b. Honolulu
    c. Lincoln

            
41. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Frankfort
    b. Lansing
    c. Boston

            
42. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Columbia
    b. Des Monies
    c. Charleston

            
43. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Albany
    b. Boston
    c. Dover

            
44. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Boston
    b. Springfield
    c. Phoenix

            
45. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Madison
    c. Denver

            
46. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Phoenix
    c. Des Monies

            
47. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Trenton
    c. Jefferson City

            
48. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Hartford
    b. Carson City
    c. Jackson

            
49. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Sacramento
    c. Pierre

            
50. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Juneau
    c. Nashville

            