
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 13) 

1. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Springfield
    b. Raleigh
    c. Honolulu

            
2. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Pierre
    b. Atlanta
    c. Frankfort

            
3. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Boise
    b. Juneau
    c. Tallahassee

            
4. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Topeka
    b. Charleston
    c. Baton Rouge

            
5. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Lincoln
    c. Richmond

            
6. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Albany
    b. Austin
    c. Phoenix

            
7. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Nashville
    b. St. Paul
    c. Columbia

            
8. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Providence
    c. Cheyenne

            
9. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Juneau
    b. Olympia
    c. Montgomery

            
10. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Concord
    b. Salem
    c. Austin

            
11. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Phoenix

            
12. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Albany

            
13. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Trenton
    c. Honolulu

            
14. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Hartford
    b. Augusta
    c. Albany

            
15. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Salem
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Jackson

            
16. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Pierre
    b. Boise
    c. Little Rock

            
17. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Topeka
    b. Hartford
    c. Atlanta

            
18. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Richmond
    b. Albany
    c. Frankfort

            
19. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Augusta
    c. Madison

            
20. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Columbia
    b. Olympia
    c. Des Monies

            
21. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Concord
    b. Honolulu
    c. Frankfort

            
22. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Augusta
    c. Dover

            
23. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Olympia
    c. Helena

            
24. What is the capital of California?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Madison
    c. Salt Lake City

            
25. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Topeka
    b. Richmond
    c. Augusta

            
26. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Salem
    c. Oklahoma City

            
27. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Indianapolis
    c. Phoenix

            
28. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Richmond
    c. Salem

            
29. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Little Rock
    b. St. Paul
    c. Nashville

            
30. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Boston
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Carson City

            
31. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Little Rock
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Boston

            
32. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Carson City
    b. Richmond
    c. Lincoln

            
33. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Carson City
    b. Columbia
    c. Harrisburg

            
34. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Montpelier
    c. Atlanta

            
35. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Honolulu
    c. Raleigh

            
36. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Columbus
    b. Lansing
    c. Annapolis

            
37. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Lincoln
    c. Boise

            
38. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Trenton
    b. Lincoln
    c. Springfield

            
39. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Austin
    b. Dover
    c. Oklahoma City

            
40. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Boston
    b. Atlanta
    c. Annapolis

            
41. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Honolulu
    c. Madison

            
42. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Denver
    b. Providence
    c. Santa Fe

            
43. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Bismarck
    c. Albany

            
44. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Augusta
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Helena

            
45. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Carson City
    b. Phoenix
    c. Nashville

            
46. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Springfield

            
47. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Columbia
    b. Columbus
    c. Pierre

            
48. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Hartford
    c. Bismarck

            
49. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Sacramento
    c. Santa Fe

            
50. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Providence
    b. Charleston
    c. Indianapolis

            