
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 5) 

1. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Dover
    b. Boise
    c. Trenton

            
2. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Concord
    c. Madison

            
3. What is the capital of California?
    a. Indianapolis
    b. Sacramento
    c. Tallahassee

            
4. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. Boston
    b. Bismarck
    c. Honolulu

            
5. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Olympia
    b. Boise
    c. Harrisburg

            
6. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Dover
    b. Nashville
    c. Carson City

            
7. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Atlanta
    c. Cheyenne

            
8. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Little Rock
    b. Topeka
    c. Jefferson City

            
9. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Olympia
    b. Atlanta
    c. Salem

            
10. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Charleston
    b. Boise
    c. Olympia

            
11. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Columbus
    b. Albany
    c. Madison

            
12. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Phoenix
    b. Boise
    c. Topeka

            
13. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Madison
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Oklahoma City

            
14. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Lincoln
    b. Des Monies
    c. Olympia

            
15. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Springfield
    b. Dover
    c. Salt Lake City

            
16. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Boise
    c. Indianapolis

            
17. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Denver
    b. Richmond
    c. Carson City

            
18. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Honolulu
    b. Montgomery
    c. St. Paul

            
19. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Phoenix
    c. Santa Fe

            
20. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Salem
    c. Albany

            
21. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Jefferson City
    b. Des Monies
    c. Topeka

            
22. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Austin
    b. Juneau
    c. Cheyenne

            
23. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Denver

            
24. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Hartford
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Frankfort

            
25. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Helena
    b. Boise
    c. Nashville

            
26. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. Hartford
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Hartford

            
27. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Nashville
    b. Montgomery
    c. Lincoln

            
28. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Nashville
    b. Augusta
    c. Cheyenne

            
29. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Dover
    b. Hartford
    c. Springfield

            
30. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Jackson
    b. Salt Lake City
    c. Atlanta

            
31. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Hartford
    c. Montpelier

            
32. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Sacramento
    b. Augusta
    c. Topeka

            
33. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Olympia
    b. Juneau
    c. Lansing

            
34. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Boise
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Charleston

            
35. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Concord
    b. Pierre
    c. Annapolis

            
36. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. St. Paul
    c. Annapolis

            
37. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Annapolis
    c. Juneau

            
38. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Indianapolis
    b. Charleston
    c. Richmond

            
39. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Helena
    b. Montpelier
    c. Jackson

            
40. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Columbia
    c. Pierre

            
41. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Jackson
    b. Austin
    c. Frankfort

            
42. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Lansing
    b. Phoenix
    c. Atlanta

            
43. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Denver
    b. Honolulu
    c. Boston

            
44. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Baton Rouge
    b. Denver
    c. Augusta

            
45. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Columbia
    b. Sacramento
    c. Providence

            
46. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Dover
    b. Richmond
    c. Raleigh

            
47. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Springfield
    b. Dover
    c. Richmond

            
48. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Trenton
    c. Richmond

            
49. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Jackson
    b. Bismarck
    c. Salem

            
50. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Little Rock
    c. Topeka

            