
Name:                 Class period: 
Date: 

                            State Capitals Quiz (Form 34) 

1. What is the capital of Colorado?
    a. Tallahassee
    b. Denver
    c. Lansing

            
2. What is the capital of North Dakota?
    a. Boise
    b. Atlanta
    c. Bismarck

            
3. What is the capital of Tennessee?
    a. Juneau
    b. Nashville
    c. Tallahassee

            
4. What is the capital of Wisconsin?
    a. Columbus
    b. Frankfort
    c. Madison

            
5. What is the capital of Ohio?
    a. Nashville
    b. Columbus
    c. Trenton

            
6. What is the capital of Delaware?
    a. Jackson
    b. Dover
    c. Little Rock

            
7. What is the capital of South Dakoda?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Honolulu
    c. Pierre

            
8. What is the capital of Arizona?
    a. Harrisburg
    b. Columbia
    c. Phoenix

            
9. What is the capital of Massachusetts?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Boston
    c. Columbus

            
10. What is the capital of Neveda?
    a. Boise
    b. Carson City
    c. Cheyenne

            
11. What is the capital of South Carolina?
    a. Columbus
    b. Boston
    c. Columbia

            
12. What is the capital of Hawaii?
    a. Denver
    b. Annapolis
    c. Honolulu

            
13. What is the capital of Mississippi?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Jackson
    c. Boise

            
14. What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
    a. Juneau
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Lansing

            
15. What is the capital of California?
    a. Austin
    b. Helena
    c. Sacramento

            
16. What is the capital of Missouri?
    a. Bismarck
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Jefferson City

            
17. What is the capital of Illinios?
    a. Springfield
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Hartford

            
18. What is the capital of Virginia?
    a. Oklahoma City
    b. Richmond
    c. Topeka

            
19. What is the capital of Wyoming?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Montpelier
    c. Boston

            
20. What is the capital of Idaho?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Bismarck
    c. Boise

            
21. What is the capital of New Mexico?
    a. Montgomery
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Carson City

            
22. What is the capital of Alabama?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Columbus
    c. Montgomery

            
23. What is the capital of Washington?
    a. Boise
    b. Olympia
    c. Santa Fe

            
24. What is the capital of Rhoda Island?
    a. Providence
    b. Concord
    c. St. Paul

            
25. What is the capital of Arkansas?
    a. Topeka
    b. Little Rock
    c. Albany

            
26. What is the capital of Alaska?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Juneau
    c. Lincoln

            
27. What is the capital of New Jersey?
    a. Montpelier
    b. Cheyenne
    c. Trenton

            
28. What is the capital of Indiana?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Providence
    c. Indianapolis

            
29. What is the capital of West Virginia?
    a. Juneau
    b. Lincoln
    c. Charleston

            
30. What is the capital of Michigan?
    a. Boise
    b. Lansing
    c. Albany

            
31. What is the capital of Kansas?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Charleston
    c. Topeka

            
32. What is the capital of Nebraska?
    a. Augusta
    b. Lincoln
    c. Concord

            
33. What is the capital of Minnesota?
    a. Frankfort
    b. St. Paul
    c. Atlanta

            
34. What is the capital of Texas?
    a. Salem
    b. Helena
    c. Austin

            
35. What is the capital of New Hampshire?
    a. Concord
    b. Harrisburg
    c. Santa Fe

            
36. What is the capital of Kentucky?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Frankfort
    c. Frankfort

            
37. What is the capital of Connecticut?
    a. St. Paul
    b. Hartford
    c. Helena

            
38. What is the capital of North Carolina?
    a. Concord
    b. Dover
    c. Raleigh

            
39. What is the capital of Vermont?
    a. Olympia
    b. Des Monies
    c. Montpelier

            
40. What is the capital of Florida?
    a. Santa Fe
    b. Tallahassee
    c. Jackson

            
41. What is the capital of Iowa?
    a. Des Monies
    b. Jefferson City
    c. Lansing

            
42. What is the capital of Montana?
    a. Atlanta
    b. Helena
    c. Trenton

            
43. What is the capital of Louisiana?
    a. Columbia
    b. Baton Rouge
    c. Denver

            
44. What is the capital of Oklahoma?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Boise
    c. Oklahoma City

            
45. What is the capital of Maine?
    a. Raleigh
    b. Santa Fe
    c. Augusta

            
46. What is the capital of New York?
    a. Boise
    b. Montpelier
    c. Albany

            
47. What is the capital of Oregon?
    a. Salem
    b. Frankfort
    c. Columbia

            
48. What is the capital of Georgia?
    a. Cheyenne
    b. Atlanta
    c. Boise

            
49. What is the capital of Maryland?
    a. Annapolis
    b. Columbia
    c. Columbus

            
50. What is the capital of Utah?
    a. Salt Lake City
    b. Oklahoma City
    c. Richmond

            